[horn blares]
[NEKU] So the Underground
is a special Shibuya
used to run the game,
and all the Players come
here for a common reason.
Death.
[NEKU]
We both died somehow.
And now we're wrapped
up in a contest
where the prize is a
second chance at life?
Question is, how did I die?
[SHIKI]
Huh? Neku?
[NEKU] It's no use.
I can't remember a thing.
[SHIKI] I don't think you
randomly got amnesia.
It probably has something
to do with your entry fee.
My entry fee?
I told you, there's a price
for entering this game.
They find out what's
most important to you
at the time and take it.
That's the rule.
[WOMAN A] It's been 20
minutes. I mean, honestly.
So, the other day,
Rhyme said she didn't know
what having a dream
actually felt like.
And then Skater‐Brain snapped
at me outta nowhere.
I'm guessing she has dreams,
but they were taken
as her entry fee.
She forgot.
Her mind got wiped the
same way that mine did.
As for me, I didn't
like myself at all.
So you can imagine
how confused I was
when they took my appearance.
But now I know why.
When I first got to the UG
and saw I looked like Eri,
I totally freaked.
But not in a bad way.
It made me happy.
I've always wanted to change.
And suddenly I was the
ever‐adorable and capable Eri.
Then, I realized
I was still me inside.
I could never be Eri,
even like this.
I just didn't want to
accept my shortcomings.
So I got jealous and played
the victim card instead.
I used it as a shield
to cower behind.
Deep down, though,
the thing I truly value most
in the world... is me.
That's why it cost me
my appearance to play.
It took me a minute,
but I finally understand
the person I am.
Oh, yeah?
If we make it
through seven days,
we'll come back to life and
get our entry fees back.
Five days down, two to go!
Right.
Oh, know what? I haven't seen
Beat or Rhyme in days. Gosh...
[NEKU] If I survive, do I
have anything to live for?
I see you're doing quite well.
[HIGASHIZAWA] Yes, sir.
We're down to the last four now.
Before tomorrow's out, I shall
personally have them iced.
That's excellent news.
I will not fail you,
Mister Kitaniji.
[KITANIJI]
That unwavering loyalty
is why you'll be promoted
by this game's end.
So close I can almost taste it.
[SHIKI]
Oh! Beat! Rhyme! Over here!
Ya don't hafta shout so loud.
We heard. Just like
half the town.
Sorry 'bout that.
Players are the only ones who
can hear us, so who cares?
Oh, yeah. Keep forgettin'
we're invisible.
Anyway, Day Six, peeps!
Don't let your guards down!
[RHYME, SHIKI]
Mhm!
‐‐[phone buzzing]
‐‐[BEAT yelps]
It's cool.
Nothin' but a mission.
Beat, your reaction was gold!
[BEAT]
Says, "Reach Tower Records."
[NEKU]
No time limit? The heck?
Seems a little too easy.
That's like a ten‐minute walk.
[BEAT]
Bet!
I say we make it a race!
Phones 'n' Shiki
versus me 'n' Rhyme!
[NEKU]
Really?
We clear the mission either way,
so might as well make it fun.
That's "fun"?
[BEAT]
Oh, and no cheating.
Rhyme, let's bounce!
Uh, patience is a virtue!
Here we go!
[RHYME laughing]
Explain how that isn't cheating.
[SHIKI chuckles]
Ugh! Hey! What gives, Kariya?
Who made today's mission
for ages three and up?
Like, are we working overtime?
Deep breaths. Stress
is bad for the skin.
Ah! There they are!
You two are pretty quick!
'Cause it's a race! So you
slowpokes best pick it up!
Like, you even tryin'?
Tryin' to win a race
I never agreed to?
So you're a loser?
The question is, why haven't
you cleared the mission?
Huh?
Tower Records is right there.
Yeah. I know it is.
[RHYME laughs]
Beat said we should let
the two of you catch up.
[BEAT] No, Rhyme! Why you gotta
say that in front of him?!
You're a big softy
underneath, huh?
[BEAT]
Don't get weird on me now!
I just wanted to see how
salty Phones' face was
after he ate my dust!
Hey! Wait up!
[KARIYA]
Think about it for a sec.
It's Day Six and
it's a cakewalk.
Get in their shoes.
Still sound all that sweet?
Ugh. He's trying to get
them to drop their guards.
And we've got orders straight
from the boss to carry out.
Don't we?
Hm. Guess we do. Let's
see how this plays out.
[BEAT] Once you cross,
we're the champs!
Huh?
Oh, no!
Mister Mew! Do something!
[SHIKI gasps]
Shiki!
No way.
[YASHIRO]
Aww.
I was hoping it'd be able
to get you all in one bite.
Reapers!
[BEAT]
Hey...
What the hell did
you do with Rhyme?
Were you not watching?
Your partner's gone. Erased.
[KARIYA] Yep. Turned into Soul
and scattered across Shibuya.
[BEAT] You bastards did this.
This is your fault.
Well, it is our job, y'know.
[BEAT]
Screw your job!
You erased Rhyme, which makes
you nothin' but murderers!
[YASHIRO]
Ooh, I'm so scared.
The shrimp shielded
you. So, really...
...it's your fault she's gone.
Shut up! Give 'er back!
[YASHIRO] As much as I'd love
to thoroughly kick your butt,
attacking Players with
anything other than Noise
is a giant no‐no.
[KARIYA] Which means our work
is done. Later, Skulls.
Don't run from me!
Just following the rules.
Get back here.
We gotta get rid of
this Noise first!
They eat each other?
Just the big one.
Unless we cut off its food
supply, it'll only get bigger.
This monster's all mine,
so hands off!
[SHIKI gasps]
[BEAT]
If it weren't for this Noise,
Rhyme would still be here!
‐‐[SHIKI] Beat, no!
‐‐[HANEKOMA] Give it a rest.
Hold on! You again?
I'm Hanekoma.
[BEAT]
Let go of me, man!
You're down a partner,
so how do you expect
to take on the Noise?
Yo, mind your own business!
Players that lose their partners
only have a couple minutes
before they're toast, too!
I don't wanna live
if I don't have Rhyme!
So then you're gonna let
her sacrifice go to waste?
[HANEKOMA]
It's not over yet.
I'll figure out a
way to help you.
[SHIKI]
Beat, please.
[BEAT]
Just wait. I'll avenge Rhyme.
We will, too.
Go get 'em.
This might be tricky.
Focus on attacking
the small ones.
[yells]
[SHIKI yells]
Ready to die? Then die!
[NEKU]
Huh?
[yells]
[NEKU] I think it's time
we gutted Sharkzilla.
Neku.
Not yet. Just focus.
[NEKU]
Now!
[yells]
[NEKU]
You're good as gone!
[SHIKI]
We did it, right?
[NEKU]
Yeah.
We're the last Players standing.
Of course we are.
Can't make clothes with
Eri if you get erased.
Right.
[NEKU]
Just one more day.
We'll win and live.
Whatever it takes.
[NEKU]
Finally made it to Day Seven.
"Defeat the Game Master
at the Shuto Expressway."
If we do, is that it?
[NEKU]
Think so.
Let's win. For Rhyme and Beat.
We can't give up.
[phone buzzing]
A call?
[HANEKOMA] Hey, it's Hanekoma.
Beat left when I was out.
What?
Just finish the game up
as quickly as you can.
Beat's still sans partner,
which means he's Reaper‐chow,
but if the Game's brought to an
end, so is their little hunt.
Okay.
[HANEKOMA]
Remember, it's Day Seven.
And the GM,
Higashizawa, is tough.
You kids better not die on me!
Wait a sec.
Um, why do you even care
what happens to us?
Someday, you'll know.
Right! Let's put an
end to this game.
Yeah. Let's win it all.
Day Seven is such a yawn.
Well, yeah, 'cause it's
the Game Master's time
to take the spotlight.
We worked hard this week;
on the seventh day we rest.
[YASHIRO sighs]
[YASHIRO] I'd rest a lot
easier if I'd scrapped
those last three Players.
Two Mexican hotdogs.
Fresh off the grill.
[KARIYA] Perfection.
'Preciate your service.
Of course, sir.
Great service for great
customers. No rush, so enjoy.
[KARIYA]
I'll certainly try. Uh.
Hey! Uzuki, dear, that
particular dog is mine!
Yes, I'm well aware.
What? You harassing me now?
[BEAT]
Yo.
You should relax a little bit.
At least until our next job.
You two took everything,
smiling the whole time.
Now you're making small
talk? Scarfing hotdogs?
[KARIYA, YASHIRO chuckle]
What's up?
Oh, nothing much.
This week's been crazy.
Sad days and happy days.
I've felt more alive than I
ever did when I really was.
Weird how that works.
This isn't the end.
We'll put this Reaper in his
place and get our lives back.
[SHIKI]
Neku.
[NEKU]
Hm?
Thank you. For everything.
I wouldn't have made
it here if not for you.
Save it for when we win.
Guess I should.
Once we're alive, let's meet.
In the Realground.
[NEKU]
I'll think it over.
The problem is, you won't
recognize me after this.
[SHIKI]
But you know Mister Mew.
I'll be sure to
have him with me.
Cool. It's a date.
The table's set, so let's
serve the main dish.
Sorry, we're not on the menu!
Oh? What happened
to my special spice?
You were begrudging
to a golden brown,
but that delicious envy is gone.
I have those feelings.
But now, I've learned
to accept them
'cause they're part of who I am!
Learned to accept the jealousy
you feel towards that girl?
[SHIKI]
That's right.
Because it takes an amazing
friend to make you jealous.
And that same amazing
friend is waiting for me!
I am gonna win! So we can
live our dream together!
It's apparent that
you've gone quite stale.
But a true chef such as myself
can use the basest
of ingredients
to make a toothsome meal!
[yells]
[roars]
Allow me!
Eat this!
[yells]
[roars]
‐‐That's new.
‐‐Stay on your toes!
Dodge it!
[NEKU screams]
No!
How's that?
Shiki!
I'm not out yet!
[NEKU] We can't take
another one of those,
so let's wrap this up quick.
Right.
You ready?
[SHIKI]
Mhm.
[yells]
Bullseye!
[roars]
[yells]
Neku! Break his fall!
Thanks, Piggy.
[roars]
Game over!
[yells]
[HIGASHIZAWA roars]
[HIGASHIZAWA]
To think that I could lose.
Sorry, Mister Kitaniji,
it appears that I failed you.
[SHIKI]
So... is that it?
[NEKU]
Yeah. We actually won.
If that's true, we get
our second chance.
This must be what being
blessed feels like.
[SHIKI]
It feels good.
[gasps]
[SHIKI gasps]
What now? Where are we?
Are we alive,
or are we still dead?
[KITANIJI] The latter,
I'm sorry to say.
Who're you?
I am but a loyal servant
of the Composer.
Also, Conductor of the
Reapers' Game, Kitaniji.
Congratulations on your
hard‐earned victory.
And no, I'll bestow the coveted
gift of resurrection...
...to one person.
[BOTH gasp]
Only one of us? I thought all
survivors got to come back.
[KITANIJI]
This rule was established
by the Composer himself.
It cannot be overturned.
The Player eligible for revival
this game... is Shiki Misaki.
What the...? It's me?
Why is it me?
Well, we assess each
Player's growth
throughout the course
of the game.
You got the best score.
Confronted and
overcame your flaws.
That act alone makes you
the worthiest of revival.
Hang on!
If scores are based
on our growth,
Neku should be the
one that you pick.
On Day One, he pushed
everyone away‐‐even me.
But then he started to change.
He listened to me.
Encouraged me.
He told me I'm fine
the way that I am.
Neku cheered me up.
Made me happy.
Look, I want you to live.
No. I can't.
Besides, I want you to live!
[KITANIJI]
If you still cling to life,
you're more than welcome
to enter another game.
Or if you enjoy the chaos,
you may even become a Reaper.
Keep your Reaper wings.
I died, but I don't have
the faintest idea why.
If I got a second shot,
would I want it or waste it?
So, yeah,
I'll take another crack at your
game and try to find out.
Neku.
Come on. Don't cry.
I'm not.
[KITANIJI]
Your decision's final?
Yes.
[NEKU gasps]
Shiki! What's wrong?
You're fading!
How is this revival?
You made it so I can't
even hold her!
You're mistaken.
I collected your fee
for entry into the game.
[NEKU]
What?
Don't act shocked.
It only makes sense.
A game with such great
rewards isn't cheap.
To play a second round you
must first pay a second price.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
We take what Players value most,
and the thing currently holding
that place in your heart...
[NEKU]
No way.
Neku.
[KITANIJI]
...is Shiki Misaki.
You can't be serious.
Let her go!
I'm... sorry.
Shiki!
[NEKU]
No!
Heh.
[NEKU]
Next time: "Reapers."